refactor: add sys params to load partial templates (#415)
urbanopt/geojson-modelica-translator: docs/developer_resources.rst

- :code:`graph`: an instance of the CouplingGraph class, where all couplings are located. It can provide useful methods for accessing couplings throughout the entire system. Refer to the python class to see what it can do.
- :code:`sys_params`: if the coupling includes a load, this object will be included as well -- if there's no as part of the coupling this object will not be present. It contains the building-specific system parameters pulled from the system parameters JSON file.

Coupling Connect Statements
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This is the template which defines connect statements to be inserted into the equation section. More specifically, these are the partial template files at model_connectors/couplings/templates/<coupling name>/ConnectStatements.mopt. These templates have access to:

- :code:`globals`: same as Coupling Component Definitions context
- :code:`coupling`: same as Coupling Component Definitions context. Just like with the component definitions template, you should use the coupling.id to avoid variable name collisions.
- :code:`graph`: same as Coupling Component Definitions context

> - :code:`sys_params`: same as Coupling Component Definitions context

Reviewer: nice! 🏆

- :code:`graph`
- :code:`couplings`: contains each coupling the model is associated with. For example, if our ETS was coupled to a load and network, couplings would look like :code:`{ load_couplings: [<load coupling>], network_couplings: [<network coupling>] }`. This can be used to access coupling and model ids.
- :code:`model`: contains info about the model instance, including :code:`modelica_type` and :code:`id`. These should be used to define the model, for example :code:`{{ model.modelica_type }} {{ model.id }}(...)`

> - :code:`sys_params`: if the model is a load, this object will be included as well -- if the model is not a load this object will not be present. It contains the building-specific system parameters pulled from the system parameters JSON file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :code:`sys_params`: this object will be included if the model type is a load; reflexively, this data object will not be present if the model type is not a load. It contains the building-specific system parameters pulled from the system parameters JSON file.
```
